Title: Optic Nerve Axel Polarized Sunglass ; Description: When you put yourself in extreme conditions, simply reducing glare is not enough. Enter the Optic Nerve Axel polarized sunglasses, which add such benefits as lightweight comfort and long-lasting durability to the mix. The sunglasses owe their superior fit to Optic Nerve's 4-Point Frame Fit technology, which helps the glasses stay snug well over the life of the glass. Optic Nerve's engineers put the glasses through a meticulous specification process, measuring tip-to-tip distance, pin-to-pin distance, mid-temple distance, and panascopic angle. The process ensures that each frame is well balanced and offers a secure, comfortable feel right off the display. Wearers will also love the line-less spring temple hinge, which further improves the fit to enhance comfort and security. And the glasses are guaranteed to last thanks to the nickel silver alloy construction. The alloy--which is used for all frames and components--is not only durable and resilient, but is also coated for hypoallergenic performance.Optic Nerve Lens TechnologiesPolarized lenses have an invisible horizontal filter integrated into the lens. This filter is designed to eliminate reflected (or polarized) light, more commonly referred to as glare. When sunlight is reflected off a surface, it becomes concentrated and even more intense. Polarized lenses filter out 99.9 percent of this reflected glare, helping the glasses perform in bright sun and variable light conditions. The lenses also undergo a process called Focalpoint Lens Technology, which eliminates prismatic distortion by shifting the optical sweet spot from its natural position and placing it directly in front of the eye. This produces clear optical clarity throughout the entire peripheral range. And all Optic Nerve lenses (including clear) meet or exceed the U.S. government and FDA standards for impact-resistance and UV protection.About Optic NerveOptic Nerve has been a leader in the sport sunglass industry for nearly 25 years. The company has worked hard to create a dynamic manufacturing process that stands for intelligence, awareness, and style: intelligence in the construction process, using only the finest frame material and highest-quality lenses; awareness in the company's operations and the nonprofit youth organizations it works with; and style that speaks for itself in the Optic Nerve product line. The employees at Optic Nerve have spent countless years in the mountains of Colorado testing sunglasses, helping produce the finest sunglasses on the market. ; 