Title: Pedag Suede Sheepskin Nubuck Leather and Textile Color and Care Kit, Black, 3 Count ; Description: Unlike smooth leather, which can look great distressed and beat up, suede and nubuck leather just looks old and tired. Pedag's Suede, Sheepskin, Nubuck Leather, and Textile Care Kit contains the tools you need to keep your shoes, boots, clothes, and even furniture looking like new. On suede and sheepskin use the brass bristles on the Suede Brush to remove surface dirt. On Nubuck and Textiles use the rubber bristles on the Suede Brush. Nubuck and Textiles are durable but usually not as thick as suede. Next, use the side fan on the brush to remove dirt and debris from tight spots. Use the eraser to very gently remove stains and oily spots(be especially gentle on Nubuck and Textiles). Brush away eraser residue. Shake the container of Suede Care Color Restorer, unscrew the top, and press the sponge applicator against the shoe until the liquid contents start to flow. Evenly cover the surface and allow the liquid to dry for about 10 minutes. The Suede Care Color Restorer renews the color (neutral color will brighten and refresh all colors, but does not add color), while it also helps repel dirt and water. Next use the soft rubber bristles of the Suede Brush to restore the luxurious nap that makes suede and nubuck so lovely. Experiment: brush the suede, sheepskin or nubuck with the grain for a smooth soft color or against the grain of the leather for a brighter color and a different look. Caution: Color Care helps repel water, but it is not a complete waterproofer. Pedag makes waterproofers are ideal for all leathers and textiles, but other manufacturers make suitable waterproofers too. FYI: If your clothing or footwear has high tech, breathable membranes, be sure waterproofers and other care products will not clog the pores that allow air to circulate (products that contain silicone for example). Pedag waterproofers and items in this kit are all compatible with high tech membranes. ; 